GOALS:

I want Ascii-Platformer to be a puzzle platformer with Unicode graphics.

Stated in terms of other games:
- Responsive and intuitive, yet challenging platforming mechanics, similar to Celeste
- Combination of movement-based and environment-based puzzles, similar to Portal or Talos Principle
- Beautiful world that makes you want to explore, like Rain World
- Compelling story, like Cave Story

FEATURES

Infrastructure
    Core entity system
        done: System for loading entities when level is loaded
        done: Entities can spawn other entities
            NEED: Entities spawn at same level as parent
        done: Entities can interact
        done: Entities can delete themselves
        NEED: system for dealing with multiple player entities (e.g. player remotely controlling drone)
    Saving
        done: "Outfit" system: Player abilities are stored on a per-room basis
        NEED: Story variables
    Multiple rooms
        done: Doors allow loading new room
        done: outfit system

Gameplay
    Pickups
        done: One-use or regenerating pickups
        done: Pickups for air, health, ammunition, puzzle ops
            NEED: max ammo pickup
    Platforming
        WIP: Highly configurable movement system which compromises between inertia and control
            NEED: Set which variables are actually configurable
            NEED: Playtest combinations of variables you think you're likely to use, in combination with water and forcefields
        done: radial forcefields
        done: linear forcefields
        NEED: disappearing/moving platforms
    Puzzles
        done: Bit puzzles with pickups
        NEED: Switches/triggers (trigger on player interaction, player enters trigger space,
                or anything enters trigger space, or on force applied)
        NEED: Relays (timers, OR, AND)
        NEED: "wires" (color changing layers)
        NEED: Lockable doors, controlled by code
        WANT: Carryable objects
        WANT: Improved code interface: Colored codes, code broadcast animation
        MAYBE: Longer codes possible
    Guns
        done: Highly customizeable, physics abilities, outfit-based guns
        MAYBE: Bullets that appear at cursor without needing to travel through space?
        MAYBE: Gun that aims in opposite direction to cursor?
        MAYBE: Rockets
        MAYBE: Bullets with wave animations that travel through walls?
    Enemies
        MAYBE
    HUD
        done: air, health indicators
        done: Ammo indicators
            NEED: gun selection indicator (if you want to have guns)
        NEED: Always printed on top of all layers
        NEED: Highlights for interactable objects/more intuitive visuals in general

Story
    NEED: Persistent plot variables which effect entity loading and dialog
    NEED: Dialog
    MAYBE: Cutscenes?
    WANT: Inventory
    WANT: Boss fights

Editor
    NEED: Can change background color
    NEED: Miscellaneous small fixes
        - Allow changing background color
        - Display, allow changing palette selection (don't ignore number keys) in tab screen
        - Add a layer indicator which shows all of the layers and which one is selected
        - Fix the default palette
        - Displaying and resizing variable-size entities (e.g. water, particle spawner) in editor.
        - Need to be able to correspond entities in the file to entities in the editor more easily.

Menus
    NEED: Config
        - Resolution
        - Pixel scaling
        - Controls
        - Audio settings
    NEED: Multiple save file support

Visuals
    done: Colored text "Layers" which display at different sizes, create 3D effect
    Visual effects
        done: Water
        done: Rain, snow
            want: Generalized particle spawner
        done: Explosions
        WANT: leaf particles
        WANT: Digital corruption
        WANT: Lightning bolt
        WANT: fire/fireballs
        WANT: Layer special effects like shaking
        NEED: Transitions
        WANT: Creepy giant animated face in ASCII
        WANT: Scrolling marquee and other animated billboards
        WANT: Glitch effects (see glitch art subreddit)
            

Story

Quality of life
        
    
           

SUMMARY

Ascii-Platformer is a side-scrolling platformer with an emphasis on story and exploration.

GRAPHICS

The graphics are entirely rendered using Unicode. This does not preclude dynamic special effects. So far I have particles and water working satsifactorily, and I intend to add elements such as smoke, fire, windblown leaves, lightning, explosions, etc.

GAMEPLAY

Gameplay has both combat and puzzle elements. The puzzles consist of finding ways to reach new areas using moving platforms, forcefields, and special abilities to propel or fling the player in the direction they wish to go. Some puzzle elements are controlled by broadcasting a code. The code must be assembled from elements the player finds in the level. Combat features both traditional elements (shooting and dodging) and creative puzzle-solving elements (such as using a forcefield to push an enemy off of a platform into a pit of spikes.)

STORY

The PC lives in a high-elevation suburb of a city flooded by a climate apocalypse. The lowlands downtown, referred to only as "downtown", are separated by a huge seawall and illegal to enter. However, intepred scavengers such as the PC's older brother make a comfortable living by looting the untouched upper floors of downtown for valuables. Many of the buildings have automated security systems which are still functional, making this a dangerous enterprise for the unwary.
The story begins with the PC's brother walking them through the process of bypassing the security of a small building. (This area functions as a tutorial.) The PC's mother worries for both siblings. However, when the brother disappears into the city and the PC decides to launch a rescue mission, the mother insists on acting as a radio lifeline. Alone except from this single contact, the PC must travel deep into the abandoned downtown, searching for their brother and uncovering bigger secrets along the way.
Possibility: Secret is lots of crazy/advanced AIs running more or less unrestricted in downtown; could make them silly like e.g Gunnerkrigg robots, play it for laughs. Campy.

